
# CS-370: Current/Emerging Trends In CS

In this project, I am working as an AI developer and my task is to create an pirate intelligent agent to meet the specifications that are required by the gaming company. The company is developing a treasure hunt game where the player needs to find the treasure before the pirates find it. As an AI developer, I have been asked to design the intelligent agent for the NPC to represent the pirate. The pirate is expected to navigate through the game world, which consists of different pathways and obstacles, in order the find the treasure. It is a pathfinding problem, the agent I create will need to find a path toward its goal. I was provided a starter code with a sample environment where the pirate will be placed. I created a deep Q-learning algorithm to train the pirate agent without errors and used standard best practices. 

## What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists take a problem or issue and then resolve it with innovative solutions. They acknowledge the issues within the problem and plan out the process that will be taken to achieve their goal. They build the code and infrastructure needed in order to solve the issue or meet the requirement. As we are more involved with computers today, a computer scientist's work is very important. Computer scientists run huge portions of the infrastructure that the world relies on. Computer scientist's work can be implemented in many sorts of work, which makes it important to keep doing research.


## How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
Approaching a problem as a computer scientist involves reducing the problem to smaller states and then making a primary goal. You will acknowledge the problem, the objects that are required from the user, and the terminal state. An example is an inventory tracking application; It would require the problem to be reduced or broken down to create small tasks to achieve first. The inventory being tracked as the issue, a computer scientist would create the system and a database for the items to be added and stored, followed by actions such as editing items or sending alerts. Each tasks that the user wants gets created as a requirement in the process and it is thoroughly looked at.

## What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization depends on the wants of both parties. My ethical duty as part of an organization is to always work with good intentions, create, and finish work in a timely manner. This would also include bringing up any ethical issues I believe are existing in any aspect of the process. The duty as a user, would be to continue being transparent with the data and stay informed on any changes made to the applications used by organizations. Security concerns are also a responsibility so it is important to be transparent with the user if any breaches take place or if the organization is compromised.
